`azurerm_spring_cloud_service` - support for the `marketplace` property (#22553)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/spring_cloud_service.html.markdown

* `sku_name` - (Optional) Specifies the SKU Name for this Spring Cloud Service. Possible values are `B0`, `S0` and `E0`. Defaults to `S0`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `marketplace` - (Optional) A `marketplace` block as defined below. This field is applicable only for Spring Cloud Service with enterprise tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `marketplace` - (Optional) A `marketplace` block as defined below. Can only be specified when `sku` is set to `E0`.
```

---

The `marketplace` block supports the following:

> * `plan` - (Required) Specifies the plan id of the 3rd Party Artifact that is being procured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `plan` - (Required) Specifies the plan ID of the 3rd Party Artifact that is being procured.
```

> * `publisher` - (Required) Specifies the publisher id of the 3rd Party Artifact that is being bought.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `publisher` - (Required) Specifies the publisher ID of the 3rd Party Artifact that is being procured.
```
